# This Week’s Accomplishments: May 15, 2016

## This Week’s Focus:

Planning & preparing for our trip to Idaho.

## Things I Did From the List:

- [x] Clean house for house-/dog-sitter
- [x] Make an appointment to get the car looked at in preparation for our trip
- [x] Take car in for checkup
- [x] Rent car for the weekend
- [ ] ~~Pick up rental car~~
- [x] Mow the lawn
- [x] Figure out how much of my drumset I’m going to bring and how to pack it into the car
- [x] Design pieces for Jaimie’s baby shower
- [x] Eat at least 1 piece of fruit every day
  - [x] Sunday
  - [x] Monday
  - [x] Tuesday
  - [x] Wednesday
  - [x] Thursday
  - [x] Friday
  - [x] Saturday
- [x] Drink 2 Nalgene's a day
  - [x] Tuesday
  - [x] Thursday
  - [x] Friday
- [x] Create outline for [k3/blueprint](https://hub.k3integrations.com/k3/blueprint) v1.0

## Things I Didn’t Get to Finish:

- [ ] Edit at least 1 SDA-HPERA video
- [ ] Begin planning for backyard mentee get-together
- [ ] Drink 2 Nalgene's a day
  - [ ] Sunday
  - [ ] Monday
  - [ ] Wednesday
  - [ ] Saturday

## Additional Things I Did:

- [x] Called mom for Mother’s Day (duh!)
- [x] Texted sister “Happy Birthday!” (we can do better than that!)
- [x] Initial research on  buying a bicycle

## Next Week’s Focus:

Let’s start blogging!

## Things I’ll Do Next Week:

- [ ] Pick a topic or two to write posts about
- [ ] Create first draft(s) of topic(s)
- [ ] Investigate Ghost blogging platform on Heroku or DigitalOcean
- [ ] Walla Walla Developer Night on Monday? (talk to Kevin & Nicole)
- [ ] Text mentees -- some need to pull their grades up!
- [ ] When would be a good evening for a mentee get-together?
- [ ] What would be a good meal for mentee get-together? (BBQ & ice cream?)
- [ ] Call Mom -- what dates can I come in June?
- [ ] Paint black-on-yellow blackletter “a”
- [ ] Drink 2 Nalgenes a day (S M T W T F S)
- [ ] Eat at least 1 piece of fruit a day (S M T W T F S)
- [ ] Bicycle shopping (and budgeting)
- [ ] Edit at least 1 SDA-HPERA video
- [ ] Find resources for increasing/focusing memory

## Things I’ll Read/Watch Next Week:

- [ ] Organize items in my Pocket
- [ ] Pick a few to read in support of the blog post(s)
- [ ] Egghead.io series on [JavaScript console for Power Users](https://egghead.io/series/js-console-for-power-users)

## Week in Review

First week of trying this out. I really like it. I can see myself really wanting to create some sort of CLI or app to help with a lot of these repetitive tasks that I keep popping into the GitHub live editor to do. Could be great to just have my checklist pop up in the terminal and be able to J (up) and K (down) through the list and hit spacebar to check items off and save it and then continue on with whatever else I’m working on. I started part way through the week, so I tried my best to retroactively log stuff from the first couple of days. Our weekend in Idaho went really well. I tagged Una Kravets in a Twitter post about open-sourcing my personal goals and she liked it! :+1:
